This is an AI application, web app, mobile first, single page. It basically is an AI app that lets users generate their images in any scenario possible with one image.

#Backend
So I want to start with the back end first, basically I'll be connecting ideograms API. And then after that I want to build out the user interface for it.
There's the ideogram API quick start link: https://developer.ideogram.ai/ideogram-api/api-overview
Here is the ideogram API reference: https://developer.ideogram.ai/api-reference/api-reference/generate-v3
You can click on different sublinks if you want to but they explain how you can build the api here.
So I will be using their 3.0 Turbo with Character Reference for image generations with magic prompt off
And I want to let the choosers choose between the aspect ratios.The number of images created will be 4 per generation
style_type will be realistic
And please let me know what they mean by the image mask because basically ideogram has this function on their website but I'm creating an app based off of that. Much cheaper and with minimum entry barrier when it comes to price and with a bunch of prompt templates so I'm basically improving the user experience. In their official app, once you upload the image, if I'm correct, they just use the face. So they just mask out the face only, the rest of it, and you're able to edit it if you wanted to. And then based on just the face, they create the image of you in different scenarios. And you're able to just upload one image. So which is good. So please let me know if there is something that I need to do it or will it do it automatically. Just get the face from the reference and stuff like that. Because that seems to work really well.
I mean this is I'm talking about UI stuff. But the only input would be the user can only input an image. I'll figure out the mask thing later that I discussed with you earlier. You tell me what to do. And the only thing that other things will choose an aspect ratio for the image output. That's all. By default, there will be magic prompt would be off. And by default, style will be realistic.
But first we'll build out the backend and then the frontend.
Also, I want there to be robust security features. Maybe if there's some libraries that you can use for security, ready-made search the web using Web Search MCP or you can use the Context 7 MCP server to get the security right if they're ready-made libraries because I don't want to build out the security. There must be libraries out there that does the security part and preventing from hacking part for you. The basic one and make it robust and even advanced security so it's prevented from any obvious attacks or anything like that. So find out some good libraries using web search or context 7 MCP and implement that for security as well. Thank you.
#Frontend
For front end, we'll start with a really good looking dark, the theme of my app will be dark and really good looking input field for image and selection for aspect ratio and a prompting placed input field for prompting, that's all. And the images will be generated down below. A very simple UI and it should be beautiful and professional. We'll build that out later. I'll share the examples after we're done with the backend. And there will be some place for light to choose. There will be one more thing you could choose like pre-built prompt templates. You know that you can put yourself in any situation. So there will be good. So you don't have to build like do complicated prompting.